Rewrite readme (#482)
nodejs/modules: README.md

## Purpose

The Node.js Modules Team maintains and actively develops the ECMAScript Modules (ESM) implementation in Node.js core.

Work includes:

* ESM loader implementation
* ESM specifier resolution
* Loader hooks
* ESM and CommonJS interoperability
* Node.js and browser interoperability
* VM modules implementation

> ## Current Efforts

Reviewer: It would be nice if we could include a `Current Status` section before all the experimental / new stuff, that captures what the group has already achieved.

Reviewer 2: It sounds like a good idea, I'm just a bit unclear on what you have in mind. What would the different statuses be? [Here's an idea](https://github.com/DerekNonGeneric/loader339#status-per-goal) I had for displaying different statuses of various features, it might be similar to what you're after.

> ### To Do / In Progress

Reviewer: To be very blunt then, since you have asked me to be, I simply do not think this content is suitable for our readme. Since it is rapidly changing, likely to get out of date, and not the right information for someone "interested in the Node.js modules group".

As said before, I think we should separate this out into `roadmap.md` and `previous-work.md`.

Reviewer 2: Latest commit in my PR to this branch may be what you're after.

https://github.com/nodejs/modules/pull/487/commits/eabe9c231e83538048018c32391a8034040e89ef

Reviewer 3: > As said before, I think we should separate this out into roadmap.md and previous-work.md.

Would it be better to have something like a project board for the roadmap? So it can properly link to issues/PRs, including automatic status updates as things get closed?

Reviewer 2: @jkrems, the argument against that approach, which was brought up to me when I proposed the exact same idea to @GeoffreyBooth, is that these things need to be archivable and a more-static public record of them needs to be kept.

	- Overview: https://github.com/nodejs/modules/issues/351.
	- A [design](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/30986) that enables [transpilation](https://github.com/nodejs/modules/issues/96) and [arbitrary sources](https://github.com/nodejs/modules/issues/97) and [specifier customization](https://github.com/nodejs/modules/issues/110) shipped in Node 13.7.0.
	- **Status**: Work remains to be done to support further use cases including [code coverage/instrumentation](https://github.com/nodejs/modules/issues/95) and [mocks/stubs](https://github.com/nodejs/modules/issues/98).

* [WASM modules](https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html#esm_experimental_wasm_modules) (work in progress).

### Wish List (Blocked)

* Named exports for CommonJS modules, e.g. `import { shuffle } from 'cjs-pkg'` in addition to the currently supported `import _ from 'cjs-pkg'`.
  - Overview: https://github.com/nodejs/modules/issues/264.
  - Discussion: https://github.com/nodejs/modules/issues/448.
  - Proposal: https://github.com/nodejs/modules/issues/252.
  - **Status**: As far as we can tell, currently there is no spec-compliant way to achieve this.

> 	CommonJS is not statically analyzable (that’s one of the primary benefits of `import`/`export` syntax) and therefore the exported names cannot be known to Node.js simply by parsing JavaScript source code: the code needs to actually be evaluated in order for Node.js to discover what identifiers get attached to `module.exports` for each file. But evaluating the CommonJS code in what the ECMAScript Modules spec calls the “linking” phase (when the module graph is determined) is not permitted; this would mean that CommonJS code is evaluated early, before any ES module code, whereas the spec defines the order of modules’ evaluation based on the depth of imports. This early evaluation presents other issues in that if a dependency gets converted from CommonJS to ESM, its order of evaluation would change in the user’s application; and early evaluation might trigger side effects if reading the values from `module.exports` were getters or proxies.

Reviewer: > and early evaluation might trigger side effects if reading the values from `module.exports` were getters or proxies.

This is a separate point that isn't about early evaluation. This is specifically about `Object.value(module.exports)` having side effects, whereas those side effects would _never_ otherwise trigger.

Author: Can you please rephrase the text so that it’s correct? Maybe offer a suggestion?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	CommonJS is not statically analyzable (that’s one of the primary benefits of `import`/`export` syntax) and therefore the exported names cannot be known to Node.js simply by parsing JavaScript source code: the code needs to actually be evaluated in order for Node.js to discover what identifiers get attached to `module.exports` for each file. But evaluating the CommonJS code in what the ECMAScript Modules spec calls the “linking” phase (when the module graph is determined) is not permitted; this would mean that CommonJS code is evaluated early, before any ES module code, whereas the spec defines the order of modules’ evaluation based on the depth of imports. This early evaluation presents other issues in that if a dependency gets converted from CommonJS to ESM, its order of evaluation would change in the user’s application.
	
	 In addition, even if these issues were surmountable, the way ES modules define their exports still means we would be applying an `Object.values(module.exports)` for all CommonJS modules as soon as they finish executing, in order to populate the ES module exports. This can lead to a number of problems:
	 
	  * The triggering of getters and proxies (eg for dynamic generation / deprecation warnings) can throw errors or cause unwanted side effects.
	  *  New exports added to `module.exports` after this time would never be available as named exports.
	  * Mutations to `module.exports` cannot be kept live with the ES module exports, unless we turn all CommonJS `module.exports` into a proxy. This in turn could have backwards compatibility issues.
```
